 Officially known as the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia.  Formrerly known as Abyssinia is a country located in the Horn of Africa.  It is the second-most populous nation in Africa	 with over 82 million inhabitants	 and the tenth largest by area	 occupying 1	100	000 km2.  Ethiopia is bordered by Eritrea to the north	 Djibouti and Somalia to the east	 Sudan and South Sudan to the west	 and Kenya to the south.  With its capital at Addis Ababa	 and with a green yellow and red flag known as 'sendek alama' it is also the most populous landlocked nation in the world. Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history	 and the Ethiopian dynasty traces its roots to the 2nd century BC.  Ethiopia is also one of the oldest sites of human existence known to scientists today	 having yielded some of humanity's oldest traces.  It may be the region from which Homo sapiens first set out Lucy is the common name of AL 288-1	 several hundred pieces of bone representing about 40% of the skeleton of an individual Australopithecus afarensis.  The specimen was discovered in 1974 atHadar in the Awash Valley of Ethiopia's Afar Depression.  Lucy is estimated to have lived 3_2 million years.  Alongside Rome	 China and Persia	 the Ethiopian Aksum Empire was considered one of the four great world powers of the 3rd century.  During the Scramble for Africa	 Ethiopia was the only African country beside Liberia that retained its sovereignty as a recognized independent country by defeating the great general Rudolfo graziani in 1896 the battle of adwa	 and was one of only four African members of the League of Nations.  When other African nations received their independence following World War II	 many of them adopted the colors of Ethiopia's flag	 and Addis Ababa became the location of several international organizations focused on Africa. Modern Ethiopia and its current borders are a result of significant territorial reduction in the north and expansion in the south toward its present borders	 owing to several migrations and commercial integration as well as conquests	 particularly by Emperor Menelik II and Ras Gobena.  In 1974	 the dynasty led by Haile Selassie (the last emperor of Ethiopia )was overthrown as civil wars intensified.  Since then	 Ethiopia has seen a variety of governmental systems.  Ethiopia is one of the founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM)	 G-77 and the Organisation of African Unity (OAU).  Today	 Addis Ababa is still the headquarters of the African Union	 the Pan African Chamber of Commerce (PACCI) and[13] UNECA.  The country has one of the most powerful militaries in Africa and Addis Ababa is the headquarters of the continental African Standby Force (ASF).  Ethiopia is the only African country where an indigenous alphabet is still widely used. The name of the language is amharic.  Ethiopia also has its own time system and unique calendar	 seven to eight years behind the Gregorian calendar.  It has the largest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Africa.The country is a land of natural contrasts	 with waterfalls and volcanic hot springs. Ethiopia has some of Africa's highest mountains as well as some of the world's lowest points below sea level. The largest cave in Africa is located in Ethiopia at Sof Omar. Ethiopia has one of the largest number of riversin the world while the country's northernmost area at Dallol	 Afar is the hottest place year-round anywhere on Earth. Ethiopia is a multilingual	 multicultural and multiethnic society of around 80 groups	 with the two largest being the Oromo and the Amhara	 both of which speak Afro-Asiatic languages. The country is also famous for its Olympic gold medallists in running the most famous and known athelete was abebe bekila who won the race in rome barefoot and broke the record and in Tokyo he delighted the crowd by doing a dance after winning and the first black femal athelete to win a marathon was Fatuma roba in 1996 Atlanta race 	 rock-hewn churches in Lalibela	 and as the place where the coffee bean discovered by an Ethiopian goathereder in 600 A_D. Currently	 Ethiopia is the top coffee and honey-producing country in Africa	 and home to the largest livestock population in Africa. The Ethiopian Aksum region was the first major empire in the world to convert to Christianity and it was one of the first countries to officially adopt Christianity as a state religion in the 4th century. Ethiopia has a Christian majority and a third of the population is Muslim. Ethiopia is the site of the first Hijra in Islamic history and the oldest Muslim settlement in Africa at Negash. Until the 1980s	 a substantial population of Ethiopian Jews resided in Ethiopia. The country is also the spiritual homeland of the Rastafari religious movement.Ethiopia	 which has Africa's second biggest hydropower potential	 is the source of over 85% of the total  Nile water starting its flow from lake tana flow and contains rich soils	 but it nevertheless underwent a series of famines in the 1980s	 exacerbated by adverse geopolitics and civil wars	 resulting in the death of hundreds of thousands. Slowly	 however	 the country has begun to recover	 and today Ethiopia has the biggest economy by GDP in East Africa and Central Africa. as the Ethiopian economy is also one of the fastest growing in the world. It is a regional powerhouse in the Horn and east Africa.